# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile pyproject.toml -o requirements.txt
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.18
    # via langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
attrs==25.3.0
    # via aiohttp
authlib==1.3.1
    # via weaviate-client
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via chatiq (pyproject.toml)
blinker==1.9.0
    # via flask
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via flask
cryptography==41.0.7
    # via
    #   chatiq (pyproject.toml)
    #   authlib
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
deprecation==2.1.0
    # via weaviate-client
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
flask==3.1.0
    # via chatiq (pyproject.toml)
frozenlist==1.6.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
greenlet==3.2.1
    # via sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.72.0
    # via
    #   grpcio-health-checking
    #   grpcio-tools
    #   weaviate-client
grpcio-health-checking==1.72.0
    # via weaviate-client
grpcio-tools==1.72.0
    # via weaviate-client
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via chatiq (pyproject.toml)
h11==0.16.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   weaviate-client
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via langchain-community
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via flask
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via flask
jiter==0.9.0
    # via openai
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.3.24
    # via
    #   chatiq (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain-community
langchain-community==0.3.22
    # via chatiq (pyproject.toml)
langchain-core==0.3.56
    # via
    #   chatiq (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.8
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.3.34
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
multidict==6.4.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via typing-inspect
numpy==2.2.5
    # via langchain-community
openai==1.76.0
    # via chatiq (pyproject.toml)
orjson==3.10.16
    # via langsmith
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   deprecation
    #   gunicorn
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   marshmallow
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
protobuf==6.30.2
    # via
    #   grpcio-health-checking
    #   grpcio-tools
psycopg2-binary==2.9.10
    # via chatiq (pyproject.toml)
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.11.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   weaviate-client
pydantic-core==2.33.1
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.9.1
    # via langchain-community
pymupdf==1.25.5
    # via chatiq (pyproject.toml)
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via chatiq (pyproject.toml)
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via
    #   chatiq (pyproject.toml)
    #   pydantic-settings
pytz==2025.2
    # via chatiq (pyproject.toml)
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
regex==2024.11.6
    # via tiktoken
requests==2.28.0
    # via
    #   chatiq (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tiktoken
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
setuptools==79.0.1
    # via grpcio-tools
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
slack-bolt==1.23.0
    # via chatiq (pyproject.toml)
slack-sdk==3.35.0
    # via
    #   chatiq (pyproject.toml)
    #   slack-bolt
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   openai
soupsieve==2.7
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.40
    # via
    #   chatiq (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
tiktoken==0.9.0
    # via chatiq (pyproject.toml)
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via openai
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
urllib3==1.26.20
    # via requests
validators==0.34.0
    # via weaviate-client
weaviate-client==4.14.1
    # via chatiq (pyproject.toml)
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via flask
yarl==1.20.0
    # via aiohttp
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via langsmith
